Make three separate bureau reports work as one file

The upload box has promised this for weeks: "pick all three single-bureau
PDFs at once — we'll combine them." It combined them and then threw away
the only thing that made combining them worth doing.

Michael Gibson's three reports, pulled the same day, one per bureau. What
the tool did with them before this commit:

  97 accounts in    ->  51 out, 23 cross-referenced
  per-bureau field maps kept:          0
  per-bureau status arrays kept:       0
  cross-bureau contradictions found:   0
  factual inconsistencies found:       0

Zero, on a file where three bureaus genuinely disagree. The merge matched
on the account number alone, and the bureaus mask those differently, so
most accounts never paired. The ones that did paired fine and then lost
their per-bureau fields, which is what both contradiction detectors
actually read. The feature was dead and nothing said so.

WHAT CHANGED

Matching. Account number first, then the creditor name — which is hard,
because the bureaus do not agree on names:

  FREEDOM MORTGAGE CORP  /  FREEDOM MORTGAGE  /  FREEDOM MTG
  CREDIT ONE BANK NA     /  CREDIT ONE BANK   /  CREDITONEBNK
  GM FINANCIAL           /  GMFNANCIAL        /  GM FINANCIAL

Exactly ONE name matches exactly across all three. Matching now handles
truncation (Equifax cuts at 20 characters), containment, a bounded edit
distance for typos, and a long shared opening. It refuses to merge two
accounts within one bureau, and when more than one candidate fits and
nothing separates them it leaves them alone — a wrong pairing does not
produce a missing dispute, it produces an invented one.

Both per-bureau shapes are now built on merge: per_bureau_fields for the
factual rules and per_bureau_status for the cross-bureau comparison.

TWO CORRECTNESS BUGS FOUND ON THE WAY, BOTH IN SHIPPED CODE

statusClass matched exact strings only — 'pays as agreed', 'current',
'paid'. Real reports say "Pays account as agreed", "Open/Never late.",
"Paid or paying as agreed". Every one of those classified as null, so the
cross-bureau comparison silently had nothing to compare on any format,
not just merged ones. Now pattern-based, still conservative: an
unrecognised status returns null rather than a guess.

Then the first thing the fix produced was a FALSE contradiction. All
three bureaus reported VERIZON as a collection, and because severity was
ranked off the raw string — "Collection", "Collection account. $3,927",
"Collection account" — the tool generated a letter telling the bureaus
they disagreed about how far behind the account went. Three spellings of
one fact. Severity is now a category, and a disagreement has to be a
disagreement about the category.

Absence is also no longer a status: a dash, "n/a" or an empty cell means
the bureau did not report, not that it reported the account as fine.
Treating absence as clean manufactures a contradiction out of a bureau
that simply does not have the account.

Factual findings are deduplicated per account per rule, with the bureaus
on one line, instead of three identical rows in a letter.

WHAT IT DOES NOW, ON THE SAME THREE FILES

  97 accounts in    ->  41 out, 27 cross-referenced
  per-bureau field maps kept:         27
  per-bureau status arrays kept:      27
  false contradictions:                0
  factual inconsistencies found:       3   (0 in any single report)

FIRST PREMIER BANK reports a different high balance at each bureau and a
different opening date at each bureau. VERIZON reports a past-due amount
on a collection. None of those is visible in any one of the three files —
they exist only because the files were read together, which is the entire
argument for doing it.

Harness: parsers.js gains 22 checks over the merge and the status
classifier, including one that fails the build if a contradiction is
raised between bureaus whose severity is identical.

Co-Authored-By: Claude Opus 5 <noreply@anthropic.com>
Claude-Session: https://claude.ai/code/session_01UBawHxpNib9Mc6DsuKZTwm
